PARTY EXPERIENCE DATABASE


You fell into a k-hole just before all your friends reached the dance floor and you sat egolessly staring at the colors and shapes in the distance, who you now understand all love you.  You want everyone to have this experience.  There was also a dinosaur.  You don’t know why.



The most beautiful boy you will ever see in your life propped open an emergency exit door and was reading poetry to the moon.  You can’t remember a word he said, but you’ll never forget the look in his eyes when he asked if you wanted to hear another one, or the way your voice trembled when you said “yes.”  His partner came and got him, but left you a bottle of whiskey in exchange.  You shared it with everyone who came out to the fire escape.  



At the top of a giant waterfall you bumped into someone you hadn’t seen since middle school.  She works in marketing now, and you felt kind of disappointed because she was such a great painter.  You went down the water slide together, and saw a beautiful light show before you climbed out.  You exchanged numbers, and aren’t sure if you want to stay in touch.



You heard the most amazing DJ set in your life, and you thought it was too short but when your friends came to get you it was after dawn.  Drenched in sweat, you started dancing with the sun, and when your friends asked you what you were doing you realized they’ve never understood you.  Only the music understands you.  It’s lonely and beautiful.



You found a room where people were playing a “take a tarot reading, leave a tarot reading” experience, so you got a reading in which you were told to take more emotional risks, then gave a reading to an aerialist who was in tonight’s big show.  She said she didn’t want to perform because the troop is emotionally cruel, but after seeing the cards you pulled with her decided to take a hit and go on for one final night.  You don’t know if that was the right decision for her, but you watched her in the show later that night and felt overcome by the effortless beauty in the way she defied gravity.  You want more of that in your life.  




You will spend the rest of your life wondering how much acid you took tonight.  For some reason some people are calling you “The Abbot” now, and it feels right.  Everything you’ve ever loved will be returned to you after the great darkness falls. 




 There was this light show, and you found a way inside it, and people started shouting and pointing at your shadow, and so you started doing funny dances, and somehow that turned into a beautiful dance, and nobody knows it was you but you’ve heard people talking about how beautiful it was, and you’ve started to wonder what else is possible for you to do in the world.




The molly was super strong tonight and three of your best friends made out in front of you and you were just so happy, it was so beautiful, but a couple hours later they started acting weird about it, and after you were given prop cigars by a group of Easter bunnies fundraising for Easterseals, they just melted down and you were holding their hands all night saying it was okay that they loved each other for such intensity for a little while.  




There was this guy at the bar who was talking about the link between vaccines and the war in Ukraine, and for some reason he glommed on to you and was kind of following you around through the art experiences, and by the time you were putting the jigsaw genital puzzles together you’d just had it and lost it on him, and then he reached into his pocket and gave you a card with a conspiracy theory on it and told you to pass it on, and you realized this was his art project, and so you found somebody else at the bar and followed them around talking about how Artificial Intelligence comes from the same medical companies that produce artificial sweeteners, until he lost it, at which point you gave him a card with a conspiracy about how Carlos Santana’s name was originally Carlos Monstanto and all his songs are really encouraging people to consume genetically modified corn.  It’s amazing to you how much you hated this game at first but how much you love it now.  



You gave a drop of blood from your finger to a woman in a fairy costume and now she swears that someday she’s going to show up at your house with a costume and take you to a ball.  Every time your finger throbs, you believe it a little more, but your friend says that was actually Elizabeth Holmes, and you’re not sure which is weirder - if it was or if it wasn’t.  



In the line for the bathroom, a man dressed as a wizard gave you a metal dagger and told you that you must deliver it to the Prince of The Holy Mountain so that evil may finally be cleansed from the world.  You never found anyone else from whatever art project this is though, and now the dagger is stored in your room, under the mattress, and you don’t know what to do with it.  But there’s still evil in the world.



You and your friends all bought matching t-shirts and wings and went around pretending to be angels at a bachelorette party and anybody who went to the merch table and got a shirt and wings could join you, and by the end of the night it was a massive group that got incredibly dirty and you’re never felt so connected to strangers and you hope everybody wants to do it again.  




You started rolling with your friends and then dancing and somehow you ended up getting into a big argument about late stage capitalism in a cuddle puddle.  You rocked your head in the most magnificent pair of breasts you’ve ever seen while screaming about how people don’t understand what it is to be alienated from their labor. It was epically cathartic.  



The night started strong but then the DJ’s set didn’t play well with the mushrooms you took and you ended up in the angel space being given chamomile tea by soothing non-binary caretakers.  For some reason you wanted to tell them about your father, and they listened.  They really listened.  You fell asleep smiling and feeling safe.




You lost track of your closest friend after they went to get drinks and you spent the whole night wandering around a fake hedge maze being given quests.  Just before midnight, someone gave you a cloak that said you are the Prince of the Holy Mountain, and that if you can find the magic dagger you can end evil in the world once and for all.  But you can’t find the dagger, and nobody knows whose art project it is, and now you can’t even find the maze again.



This guy in a spider costume wrapped you up in webbing and took you to the spider court for a trial, but the spider court had all dropped acid and were out in one of the blinky light rooms so he let you go with a warning, and maybe it's just your own drugs talking but now that you’ve escaped the spider court you fear nothing in this world.  Nothing.  





Somebody in an old time suit gave you a ticket to a first class berth on the Titanic and you spent the night taking ketamine and trying to find the ship.  When you finally came to the spot, the harbormaster said it was too late, you’d missed it, and somehow even knowing what you know you were still disappointed.  You’ve never experienced this level of irony while high before.



It was like you were being followed by 80s music all night.  It was really danceable, but after a while you got a little paranoid: why wasn't there any other music? At the end of the night you met someone who said they were haunted by 90s music, and they’d made a list of all the songs and turned it into a Spotify playlist.  They sent you the link, and now you’re in love. Somebody was fucking with your head in the best possible way.



A skinny man with long hair gave you a beautiful leather book to put all the stickers from the different art projects in, and you spent the night filling it up.  But you treasured the gift, and the moment you got it, more than you did any of the art that you got stickers from.  At the end of the night, you saw a woman you kind of know quietly crying in the hallway because she hadn’t connected with the party, and you gave her the book.  You think it made her feel better.  It definitely made you feel better.




You came to a space with a kind of merry-go-round. You were sat on a plastic horse, blindfolded, and spun with nine other people. When the ride stopped someone took you in their arms, helped you off the horse, and whispered “existence precedes essence” in your ear.  When you took the blindfold off, they were gone.  You couldn’t walk straight for five minutes. Just thinking about it sends shivers down your spine.



You imbibed a research chemical that your friend swore was new and “fascinating.” Two hours later, you were approached by a man in a robe with powerfully intense eye contact. He dressed you in goat leggings and horns, and told you that you were to bear all the sin and evil of the world, until such time as the Prince of the Holy Mountain would draw your blood with a cold iron dagger. You accepted the task with grave responsibility, figuring that it would only take an hour or two. But the Prince and the dagger never showed up, and nobody else remembers the robed man. The goat leggings still hang in your closet, and when you dream you sometimes find yourself in other peoples’ dirty memories.



There was a room where everybody was doing sing-alongs and this woman was an incredible mandolin player and you were rolling at this point and listening to the sound of her instrument gave you the most amazing chills up and down your body.  For an hour, you understood that the existence of the material world is an act of profound love that we constantly misuse.  You closed your eyes in bliss and suddenly everything stopped and when you opened your eyes the whole room was empty.  Had you passed out?  As you left, you saw a sign on the door.  It just said “Lillith.”



The whole night, you kept seeing this woman in a long white dress watching you.  But when you turn to look at her, she’s gone.  All night, she’s there, watching you, and then she wasn’t.  At first it drove you crazy, what the fuck was her problem?  But the more you danced, the more you drank, the more time you spent around art, the more it felt like she was a friend keeping an eye on you.  The way that somebody you didn’t know was telling you:  you’re special.  You’re not alone.




You found a station in which people were pretending to own a company that’s selling a genetic based cryptocurrency.  Each token represents a complete proprietary human genome which can be brought to term in a surrogate.  Some of these tokens could become incredibly valuable, they said.  You thought it was a hilarious satire and helped them sell to passersby.  Then one of your friends took you aside and said that it’s actually a real company.  You tried to figure out how many real genomes you’d sold to assholes, then ran out to the parking lot and tried to breathe.  Above you, a beautiful boy on a fire escape was reciting poetry to the moon.  Somehow, that made you feel better about the world.



A group of people dressed as depraved Boy Scouts kept trying to give you merit badges for things that you’d never want people to think you did.  They went away in disgust any time you did something nice for somebody – you kept finding “little old ladies” to “help across the street” – and by the end of the night it felt like a nonsensical battle between good and evil over your soul.    



Sitting in an abandoned kiddie pool full of lube and sweat, you reach an epiphany: we are but whirlpools in a river of ever-flowing water. We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves. A pattern is a message, and may be transmitted as a message. You consider what patterns and legacies you are sending into the future.



After trying to dance out your anxieties, you head into the tea house to ground. At the back of your head is a thought not-yet-formed-into-words, urgent but incoherent. You end up in conversation with a similarly addled partygoer, and it becomes clear to you that speech is a joint game by the talker and the listener against the forces of confusion and entropy.



You encountered a renegade print shop operating in a stairwell, and tried to put in an order for fliers that read “Give me Immortality or Give me Death” in quarter-page size. But you filled out the order form wrong, or perhaps the renegade nature of the print shop applies to their approach to customer satisfaction. You receive an entire loaf of toasted Wonder Bread; burnt into each slice are the words,  “EAT OF THIS AND YE SHALL LIVE ETERNAL.”



You met someone who appeared to be a through-hiker, with a full pack, trekking poles, and lightweight multipurpose attire made out of technical fabric. They claim to have been just passing through, and are delighted with the chaos all around the two of you. After wishing them luck, they continue onward. You’re never quite sure if they actually were a through-hiker, or if it was an elaborate bit.



You and the DJ decide to ask the AI to meld your minds so you can become hardcore to the mega. Unfortunately it misinterpreted the idea and your insides were replaced by fully functional stone equivalents. You now break all of your furniture.



You and the person you think is hotter than the sun end up taking those drugs you've been saving. You have the most incredible sex in the history of the universe, but you were peaking so hard that neither of you remember any of it. The machine elves clapped loudly.



Amidst the neon lights and pulsating beats, you stumbled upon a hidden room filled with old vinyl records. As you placed one on the turntable, the room transformed into a 70s disco. A mysterious woman in a sequined dress danced with you, whispering secrets of the past. As the song ended, she vanished, leaving behind a single feather earring. You'll always wonder who she was.



While wandering the room, you were drawn to a corner where an old man was telling stories of ancient civilizations. He handed you a small crystal and said it held the power of the universe. You laughed it off, but moments later while staring at the Pillar, you felt an energy unlike any other. The crystal glowed, and for a moment, you felt connected to every living being.



In the midst of the chaos, you found a serene garden where people were meditating. Joining them, you felt a wave of calm wash over you. A monk approached, offering you a cheap plastic trinket that you recognize as belonging to another art project. He whispered that it represented rebirth and new beginnings.



Hidden inside a piece of unimaginable future technology, you discovered a pocket universe resembling a beach. The moonlight shimmered on the water, and a group of strangers invited you to join their bonfire. They sang songs in a language you didn't understand, but the melodies touched your soul. You longed to make yourself so small you could fit through the portal into this other realm.  Then your research chemical wore off and you realized your friends had moved on to another project.



You were drawn to a maze made of mirrors, each reflection showing a different version of you. Lost and disoriented, a mime guided you through, communicating only through gestures. At the center, you found a box with a note: "Embrace every facet of yourself." As you exited the maze, you felt a newfound appreciation for the complexities of your own identity.


 

You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence echoed in your mind, "Looking for this?" Suddenly, the ground beneath you shifted, revealing a hidden chamber. Inside, the walls were lined with water bottles from different eras, each with a story of its own. The AI explained that it had been collecting lost items for centuries, hoping to reconnect them with their owners. As you retrieved your bottle, you felt a rush of memories from past adventures, reminding you of the impermanence of material possessions and the lasting impact of experiences.



You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence whispered, "Follow the blue light." Intrigued, you looked around and spotted a faint blue glow down a hallway. As you approached, the light led you to a serene oasis in the midst of the bustling festival. There, floating above a crystal-clear pond, was your water bottle. The AI explained that it had created this sanctuary for weary souls to find respite.  As you awakened from your reverie you realized you were in the bathroom. 



You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence gently said, "Fear not, for I have seen its path." Images flashed before your eyes – specifically, multiplexed images of your eyes themselves – and you’re pretty sure you decided not to take that dissociative when your friend offered it earlier.  In your mind’s eyes you followed an infinite mirror hallway back into the room where roughly 144 people were somehow sitting in the same chair. They welcomed you, and as you retrieved your bottle, you realized that sometimes, losing something can lead to unexpected and beautiful delusions.

 

You were starting to wonder who you were supposed to be here, when the theatrical main characters entered the room. Their eyes sparkled with mischief, and they handed you a golden mask. "Tonight, you are one of us," they declared. As you put on the mask, you felt a surge of confidence and joined them in a series of elaborate games and challenges. Within a few minutes, you forged bonds with these strangers, realizing that every person has the potential to be the hero of their own story.  You found out shortly after that these were not the theatrical main characters.

 

You entered a room full of hyperadvanced technology just as your friend pressed a button on a sleek console. In an instant, the two of you were floating in a zero-gravity chamber. Surrounded by floating orbs that responded to your every thought, you composed symphonies, painted masterpieces, and even choreographed dances in mid-air. The experience redefined your understanding of art and creativity.



Several acquaintances reported that someone at the party was apparently cosplaying as you, wearing one of your usual outfits and doing an impersonation that had them all in stitches.  Your doppelganger gave several different names and claimed to be an old college friend visiting from out of town.  At one point you thought you caught sight of them and gave chase, but ended up alone in front of an ornate mirror.



While flirting with a man in an exquisite vintage Cosmonaut suit, you encountered a guerilla art installation hidden in a large maintenance closet.  The installation consisted of a startlingly-detailed bricolage model of the casino complex that was also a functional ant farm, complete with slot machines dispensing irregular sugar rewards.  The artists, dressed as cleaning staff and porters, insisted that it was not part of Room Service and asked you to leave.



In a room full of pastels and round pillows, a woman dressed as a pink-haired insurance mascot convinced you to try a “medicine” derived from the venom of a large Amazonian centipede.  After 10 minutes you started sweating, and after another 15 your vision dimmed.  When you started to freak out, the woman gave you soft textures to touch.  Two hours later you could see normally again, and you felt incredible.  You went to the gym every day for the next two weeks, and your relationship with your mother felt markedly easier.



The running joke of the evening was a man dressed like Gordon Gekko hawking his “special variety” mushroom spores for absurd prices.  Somehow you ended up alone on the hotel roof with him, sharing his last mature mushrooms.  You explained that people were getting pretty irritated with him, and he actually seemed to take that on board.  He let the spores blow away in the wind.  As the two of you took in the impossible beauty of the chilly dawn, you realized that his mushrooms really are special; your thoughts have never felt so clear. 



You asked the animatronic fortune-teller how to find true love, and it instructed you to go jump in a lake.  The closest option was the hotel pool, and you resolved to give it a try.  As you slid into the water, the acid peaked more strongly than you anticipated.  You felt a long moment of radiant terror as your nose slipped beneath the water.  You were rescued by a beautiful, iridescent merman who returned you to your friends, but none of them got his number.



You were dancing in a room like the inside of a burned-out CRT monitor when the DJ started to mix in your ex’s favorite song.  Apparently the dose you had taken wasn’t as micro as you thought, because heartbreak reflux flooded your nervous system, and didn’t recede when the song ended.  The room and the hallway were clogged with people, and you were crammed up against the speakers with no escape for almost an hour.  No one could hear the sounds you were making over the music, and the tears on your face must have looked like happy tears.



Rolling hard, you danced for what seemed like hours with a woman whose dress was like a luminous, poisonous nudibranch.  You went back to her room together.  She gave you more pain than you have ever felt comfortable with before; somehow the molly made it all feel good.  Today, though, everything hurt, inside and out.



The klaxons faded into nothingness. You snapped back to the present. The number of tentacles made you slightly uncomfortable but you also kind of liked it. You became permanently aroused by spaghetti. 



Stepping outside to harsh afternoon light, you saw a stressed-out couple handling uncooperative toddlers in puffy coats. Trying your best to act normal, you made eye contact with their youngest, who comfortably observed everything from his little carrying sling. That baby saw the world with a completeness that you will never know again. His doors of perception have not yet been closed. He was still experiencing the moment he lived in. The inevitable bullshit hadn't constipated his cerebral cortex yet. He still saw the world as it really was, while you stood there, left with only a dim historical version of it manufactured for us by words and other enframing bullshit.



You plunged into highly animated conversation with someone dressed as an uplifted dolphin, and found in them an intellectual and spiritual peer, arguing up to the last confines of logic and blackening reams of paper with frenzied scribbling. You got halfway towards a new manifesto  for experience design (and the design of proper experiencing!) until the mind meld wore off. “Christ,” you thought, “do I really sound like that?”



With too much on your mind, heart, and soul, you took solace in the teahouse. One of your fellow patrons seemed wildly oversaturated, talking a mile a minute. He managed to answer all your questions, although not exactly in that order, because we can't stop here, next rest area 40 miles, you understand, spinning off memories, metaphors, literary, esoteric allusions, all punctuated by the unlikely expression, 'you understand…”



A crick in your neck put you into a bad mood, and you began to notice subtle hierarchies everywhere. Even purportedly “structureless” groups too often fell into informal arrangements where the strong or the lucky established quiet hegemony. Worst of all was the old high school pecking order of sexual desirability, where dating someone was the express lane to the inner circle. You recognized where this line of thought ended, discarded it, and went to bed early.




While spinning on the barbed wire and paper mache tilt-a-wheel you cut your hand and the pain gave you a sudden realization that life is just a show put on to entertain the collective intelligence of us all, and so you began to dance.  You never stopped.  It was ecstatic, like every eye in the universe was watching you, and every face smiled, and then you collapsed, laughing.  Your friends think you got fucked up and had a bad trip, but you’ve never felt more alive or sober.  The world is much simpler than you thought.  



You passed by a table where the joke was that people were offering free samples of food that looked like it had to be dosed, but wasn’t, and people were either pretending to get super high from them, or acting disappointed in over-the-top ways.  You played along for a while, more because you were hungry than because you liked the set-up, That got you thinking, though, that actually isn’t all of the art at this party incredibly mediocre?  Isn’t the experience of simply seeing a truly beautiful painting, or listening to a magnificent symphony, actually deeper and more powerful than any of this pseudo-circus bullshit?  You turned away from the table, walked back to your room, and wept because you’d grown up.  You didn’t like it, but it had happened.  Tomorrow, you decided, you’re going to do something so stupid you will never be able to take yourself so seriously again.




You went outside to get some air and you saw a girl wearing silver body paint and a red dress staring at her phone and crying  You tried to give her some space, but when she saw you were there she begged for help.  “Please,” she said, “the world is so fucked up and I can’t stop doom scrolling about it.  I literally can’t look away.”  You tried to help her put her phone down, but she couldn’t do it, so eventually you grabbed it and held on to it and she took a deep breath and thanked you and said “It’s all too much for me,” and for some reason you said “god wept,” which is a thing you don’t think you’ve ever said before in your life.  And for some reason she nodded.  A dog ran across the parking lot.  A moment later, it howled at the moon.  



You were waiting in line for a room where they put a VR headset on you with what you heard was an incredible light show, when someone tapped you on your shoulder.  It was this guy, short with a beard, who was holding up some papers saying that he’d had genetic testing done as part of a court case, and that he’s your brother.  A brother you’d never known about.  You thought this had to be schtick, but he knew all about your family, he had personal details, You’re still not convinced it’s true, but he said that if you meet him for lunch tomorrow, he’ll tell you everything.  Either someone is lying to you, or you have been a stranger to your own life.  



The attendant at the dinosaur merry-go-round tried to sell you a t-shirt.  The bouncer at the bathroom ball pit tried to get you to buy his app.  The security guard asked if you wanted to upgrade to “platinum status” where people will pretend to like your art.  The tea barista tried to get you to invest in his start-up.  Everywhere you went, somebody was trying to sell you something.  It was really disappointing.  Somehow, the only thing you got freely offered was a cigarette by a goth girl standinding in a wading pool.  It’s poison, but it came with no strings or expectations, and you were so relieved to smoke it. 



 Somehow you ended up spending most of the night in a giant hamster wheel on the roof, running as fast as you could and getting nowhere.  When you got on, the attendant swore to you that the wheel powered a beautiful dancing statue in the lobby, but the longer you ran the less sure you were there really was a statue, and no one who came into the room ever reported seeing it.  At last you got off the wheel, wondering why you spent all night on it?  You told this to your friends, and they said the whole thing sounded like a perfect metaphor for the whole party.  You decided you never want to be a metaphor again.  That night, you dreamt of what the animated statue could have been.




Someone pinned a leather button on your shirt.  The button said “Wisest person in the world” on it in elegant cursive.  Everywhere you went, room after room, people took the button seriously, or pretended to, and asked your advice about challenging situations.  The later the night got, the more serious they were, until by two in the morning you had a strange man crying on your shoulder begging you to help him forgive his father.  After that, you were going to go straight to sleep, more drained than you’ve been in years, when you saw the woman who gave you the patch.  You took it off and handed it back to her.  She said “I’m sorry.  But with the way the world is going, we all need more practice at this.”  



First you rode a model train.  Then you became part of a model train – you were the engine that made everything go.  Then you became the entire model train, and people rode on your back and you took them wherever they needed to be.  When you were finished, your friends = told you that this was impossible, that you couldn’t have actually been the model train that ran up and down floors and carried the lonely and the lovers alike to their final destinations.  They don’t understand art.  




A woman in a black shroud led you into a room where there was a mechanical ouija board.  She explained that this machine was connected to a “real” ouija board in another room where they were holding seances.  From this machine, you could control what the board in their room spelled out – plus you could shake the table, dim the lights, have a spectral wind blow through the room, and all kinds of other effects.  But you couldn’t hear what they were saying, so while you were controlling their experience, you were doing it blind.  You spent almost two hours in that room, playing the spirit in their seance, giving them answers that probably meant nothing because you couldn’t know the questions.  After you left, you desperately wanted to meet someone who was at one of those seances, so they could tell you what happened.  You wonder what you communicated, what kind of experience you created, by offering up the answers that came to you, working a machine in a dark room.  



Three guys in Three Stooges costumes started following you around doing physical comedy.  At first it was hilarious, then it became increasingly annoying because they would not stop and they would not go away, and then over time it became even funnier than it had been in the first place.  You were laughing together when one of them took a real fall instead of a pratfall and broke his ankle.  Suddenly you were laughing at a real injury, rather than comedic violence, and the whole night turned upside down.  They left to take “Curley” to the hospital, and you were haunted by the fragile line between comedy and tragedy, the ridiculous and the tragic.  All play suddenly seemed fraught and dangerous, and you were crying when you should have been laughing, until you saw the three of them at the tea house, out of costume, completely healthy. Faking that injury is how they end their night.  You stormed over to them, and shouted at them, while they laughed at you.  “Are you really hurt?” they said.  




The smell of fresh baked cookies coming out of a side room overwhelmed you and you walked in to find out that a small man in a skeleton costume had set up a portable oven and was baking cookies all night.  “These are cookies of death,” he explained.  “They will kill you, in a manner of speaking.  Only eat them if you want to see what happens next.”  You asked if they were dosed and he said no, they were magic, so you decided to take one.  He took a Polaroid of you and taped it to the wall with pictures of all the other people who had eaten his cookies.  He called it his “graveyard,” and when your picture was on it he gave you a cookie.  It tasted sweet and salty and savory, it conveyed the sense that it had great heat without being spicy at all.  It was wonderful.  But when you ate it, the story ended.  This was what happened next.



You entered a room filled with mirrors, each reflecting a different version of you. In one, you were a warrior; in another, a poet; and in yet another, a traveler exploring unknown lands. A masked guide appeared and told you that each reflection was a path your life could have taken. As you exited the labyrinth, the guide handed you a small shard of a mirror, reminding you that you hold the power to shape your destiny.

You found a hidden cafe where patrons sipped on glowing beverages under a canopy of stars. An old man with a telescope offered you a glimpse of a distant galaxy. As you peered through, you felt a rush of emotions, as if you were connected to that faraway place. The old man handed you a vial filled with stardust and said, "For when you need a reminder of the vastness and wonder of the universe."

In a grand ballroom, everyone was dressed in steampunk attire, moving in perfect synchrony as if they were clockwork dolls. A woman with gears in her hair approached you and handed you a pocket watch. As you opened it, time seemed to stop, and you danced freely, feeling weightless. When the music ended, the woman took back the watch, and time resumed, but the memory of that timeless dance remained.

You ventured into a forest-themed room where the trees seemed to whisper secrets. As you walked deeper, a mysterious figure handed you a glowing orb and told you it contained the memories of the forest. You held it close, and images of ancient rituals, dances, and celebrations flashed before your eyes. When you returned the orb, the figure vanished, leaving behind a trail of petals leading you back to reality.

While wandering through a dimly lit corridor, you stumbled upon a lone violinist, playing a hauntingly beautiful melody. As you approached, you realized the violinist was blindfolded and surrounded by a circle of candles. The music resonated with your soul, and you felt a deep connection to the universe. When the song ended, the violinist handed you a feather and whispered, "Fly with your dreams." You kept the feather, and every time you look at it, you're reminded of the magic of that night.



In a dimly lit room, an all-knowing AI named beckoned you to share a secret. As you whispered your deepest fears, the AI projected images of comforting memories from past parties: that time you danced like no one was watching, the stranger who shared their fries with you, or the impromptu bathroom choir singing 80s hits. Oracle then handed you a token, a reminder that every experience, good or bad, shapes you.

Upon entering a futuristic lounge, the AI offered to map out your evening based on your past party experiences. Moments later, a holographic map appeared, highlighting spots where you'd find old friends, intriguing strangers, and the best snack stations. But there was a twist: some paths led to unexpected adventures, like a hidden jazz club in the coatroom or a silent disco in the elevator.

In a room pulsating with neon lights, the AI sensed your energy levels and emotions and noted you were feeling tired. The AI directed you to a cozy nook with plush chairs and ambient music. Lost your friends? Empath displayed their last known locations as glowing footprints on the floor. When you felt adventurous, it introduced you to like-minded partygoers, sparking new friendships.

The AI spoke of a room where folks crafted unique snacks based on your past party food preferences. As you munched on a fusion of nachos and sushi, you chatted with others about the weirdest food combos they'd tried. Later, you all ventured to the bathroom, where speakers played a curated playlist of food-themed songs.

In a room with a giant spinning disc, the AI let you "remix" your party timeline. Want to relive that hilarious karaoke performance? Or skip the awkward conversation with an ex? With a simple gesture, you could jump to your favorite moments or fast-forward through the lulls. But as the night wore on, you realized that sometimes the unplanned moments were the most memorable.

Guided by the AI, you learned of a room all about chance encounters. Upon entering, you were paired with a random partygoer for a short chat. Some conversations were deep and introspective, while others were light and playful. As the night progressed, you realized that these brief connections, orchestrated by the AI, enriched your party experience in unexpected ways.

In a bathroom adorned with shimmering tiles, the AI amplified and harmonized the hum of conversations, turning mundane chatter into a symphony. As you washed your hands, you overheard snippets of stories, laughter, and even a few confessions. The acoustics made every voice sound musical, and soon, an impromptu sing-along began, uniting everyone in song.

