PARTY EXPERIENCE DATABASE


You fell into a k-hole just before all your friends reached the dance floor and you sat egolessly staring at the colors and shapes in the distance, who you now understand all love you.  You want everyone to have this experience.  There was also a dinosaur.  You don’t know why.



The most beautiful boy you will ever see in your life propped open an emergency exit door and was reading poetry to the moon.  You can’t remember a word he said, but you’ll never forget the look in his eyes when he asked if you wanted to hear another one, or the way your voice trembled when you said “yes.”  His partner came and got him, but left you a bottle of whiskey in exchange.  You shared it with everyone who came out to the fire escape.  



At the top of a giant waterfall you bumped into someone you hadn’t seen since middle school.  She works in marketing now, and you felt kind of disappointed because she was such a great painter.  You went down the water slide together, and saw a beautiful light show before you climbed out.  You exchanged numbers, and aren’t sure if you want to stay in touch.



You heard the most amazing DJ set in your life, and you thought it was too short but when your friends came to get you it was after dawn.  Drenched in sweat, you started dancing with the sun, and when your friends asked you what you were doing you realized they’ve never understood you.  Only the music understands you.  It’s lonely and beautiful.



You found a room where people were playing a “take a tarot reading, leave a tarot reading” experience, so you got a reading in which you were told to take more emotional risks, then gave a reading to an aerialist who was in tonight’s big show.  She said she didn’t want to perform because the troop is emotionally cruel, but after seeing the cards you pulled with her decided to take a hit and go on for one final night.  You don’t know if that was the right decision for her, but you watched her in the show later that night and felt overcome by the effortless beauty in the way she defied gravity.  You want more of that in your life.  




You will spend the rest of your life wondering how much acid you took tonight.  For some reason some people are calling you “The Abbot” now, and it feels right.  Everything you’ve ever loved will be returned to you after the great darkness falls. 




 There was this light show, and you found a way inside it, and people started shouting and pointing at your shadow, and so you started doing funny dances, and somehow that turned into a beautiful dance, and nobody knows it was you but you’ve heard people talking about how beautiful it was, and you’ve started to wonder what else is possible for you to do in the world.




The molly was super strong tonight and three of your best friends made out in front of you and you were just so happy, it was so beautiful, but a couple hours later they started acting weird about it, and after you were given prop cigars by a group of Easter bunnies fundraising for Easterseals, they just melted down and you were holding their hands all night saying it was okay that they loved each other for such intensity for a little while.  




There was this guy at the bar who was talking about the link between vaccines and the war in Ukraine, and for some reason he glommed on to you and was kind of following you around through the art experiences, and by the time you were putting the jigsaw genital puzzles together you’d just had it and lost it on him, and then he reached into his pocket and gave you a card with a conspiracy theory on it and told you to pass it on, and you realized this was his art project, and so you found somebody else at the bar and followed them around talking about how Artificial Intelligence comes from the same medical companies that produce artificial sweeteners, until he lost it, at which point you gave him a card with a conspiracy about how Carlos Santana’s name was originally Carlos Monstanto and all his songs are really encouraging people to consume genetically modified corn.  It’s amazing to you how much you hated this game at first but how much you love it now.  



You gave a drop of blood from your finger to a woman in a fairy costume and now she swears that someday she’s going to show up at your house with a costume and take you to a ball.  Every time your finger throbs, you believe it a little more, but your friend says that was actually Elizabeth Holmes, and you’re not sure which is weirder - if it was or if it wasn’t.  



In the line for the bathroom, a man dressed as a wizard gave you a metal dagger and told you that you must deliver it to the Prince of The Holy Mountain so that evil may finally be cleansed from the world.  You never found anyone else from whatever art project this is though, and now the dagger is stored in your room, under the mattress, and you don’t know what to do with it.  But there’s still evil in the world.



You and your friends all bought matching t-shirts and wings and went around pretending to be angels at a bachelorette party and anybody who went to the merch table and got a shirt and wings could join you, and by the end of the night it was a massive group that got incredibly dirty and you’re never felt so connected to strangers and you hope everybody wants to do it again.  




You started rolling with your friends and then dancing and somehow you ended up getting into a big argument about late stage capitalism in a cuddle puddle.  You rocked your head in the most magnificent pair of breasts you’ve ever seen while screaming about how people don’t understand what it is to be alienated from their labor. It was epically cathartic.  



The night started strong but then the DJ’s set didn’t play well with the mushrooms you took and you ended up in the angel space being given chamomile tea by soothing non-binary caretakers.  For some reason you wanted to tell them about your father, and they listened.  They really listened.  You fell asleep smiling and feeling safe.




You lost track of your closest friend after they went to get drinks and you spent the whole night wandering around a fake hedge maze being given quests.  Just before midnight, someone gave you a cloak that said you are the Prince of the Holy Mountain, and that if you can find the magic dagger you can end evil in the world once and for all.  But you can’t find the dagger, and nobody knows whose art project it is, and now you can’t even find the maze again.



This guy in a spider costume wrapped you up in webbing and took you to the spider court for a trial, but the spider court had all dropped acid and were out in one of the blinky light rooms so he let you go with a warning, and maybe it's just your own drugs talking but now that you’ve escaped the spider court you fear nothing in this world.  Nothing.  





Somebody in an old time suit gave you a ticket to a first class berth on the Titanic and you spent the night taking ketamine and trying to find the ship.  When you finally came to the spot, the harbormaster said it was too late, you’d missed it, and somehow even knowing what you know you were still disappointed.  You’ve never experienced this level of irony while high before.



It was like you were being followed by 80s music all night.  It was really danceable, but after a while you got a little paranoid: why wasn't there any other music? At the end of the night you met someone who said they were haunted by 90s music, and they’d made a list of all the songs and turned it into a Spotify playlist.  They sent you the link, and now you’re in love. Somebody was fucking with your head in the best possible way.



A skinny man with long hair gave you a beautiful leather book to put all the stickers from the different art projects in, and you spent the night filling it up.  But you treasured the gift, and the moment you got it, more than you did any of the art that you got stickers from.  At the end of the night, you saw a woman you kind of know quietly crying in the hallway because she hadn’t connected with the party, and you gave her the book.  You think it made her feel better.  It definitely made you feel better.




You came to a space with a kind of merry-go-round. You were sat on a plastic horse, blindfolded, and spun with nine other people. When the ride stopped someone took you in their arms, helped you off the horse, and whispered “existence precedes essence” in your ear.  When you took the blindfold off, they were gone.  You couldn’t walk straight for five minutes. Just thinking about it sends shivers down your spine.



You imbibed a research chemical that your friend swore was new and “fascinating.” Two hours later, you were approached by a man in a robe with powerfully intense eye contact. He dressed you in goat leggings and horns, and told you that you were to bear all the sin and evil of the world, until such time as the Prince of the Holy Mountain would draw your blood with a cold iron dagger. You accepted the task with grave responsibility, figuring that it would only take an hour or two. But the Prince and the dagger never showed up, and nobody else remembers the robed man. The goat leggings still hang in your closet, and when you dream you sometimes find yourself in other peoples’ dirty memories.



There was a room where everybody was doing sing-alongs and this woman was an incredible mandolin player and you were rolling at this point and listening to the sound of her instrument gave you the most amazing chills up and down your body.  For an hour, you understood that the existence of the material world is an act of profound love that we constantly misuse.  You closed your eyes in bliss and suddenly everything stopped and when you opened your eyes the whole room was empty.  Had you passed out?  As you left, you saw a sign on the door.  It just said “Lillith.”



The whole night, you kept seeing this woman in a long white dress watching you.  But when you turn to look at her, she’s gone.  All night, she’s there, watching you, and then she wasn’t.  At first it drove you crazy, what the fuck was her problem?  But the more you danced, the more you drank, the more time you spent around art, the more it felt like she was a friend keeping an eye on you.  The way that somebody you didn’t know was telling you:  you’re special.  You’re not alone.




You found a station in which people were pretending to own a company that’s selling a genetic based cryptocurrency.  Each token represents a complete proprietary human genome which can be brought to term in a surrogate.  Some of these tokens could become incredibly valuable, they said.  You thought it was a hilarious satire and helped them sell to passersby.  Then one of your friends took you aside and said that it’s actually a real company.  You tried to figure out how many real genomes you’d sold to assholes, then ran out to the parking lot and tried to breathe.  Above you, a beautiful boy on a fire escape was reciting poetry to the moon.  Somehow, that made you feel better about the world.



A group of people dressed as depraved Boy Scouts kept trying to give you merit badges for things that you’d never want people to think you did.  They went away in disgust any time you did something nice for somebody – you kept finding “little old ladies” to “help across the street” – and by the end of the night it felt like a nonsensical battle between good and evil over your soul.    



Sitting in an abandoned kiddie pool full of lube and sweat, you reach an epiphany: we are but whirlpools in a river of ever-flowing water. We are not stuff that abides, but patterns that perpetuate themselves. A pattern is a message, and may be transmitted as a message. You consider what patterns and legacies you are sending into the future.



After trying to dance out your anxieties, you head into the tea house to ground. At the back of your head is a thought not-yet-formed-into-words, urgent but incoherent. You end up in conversation with a similarly addled partygoer, and it becomes clear to you that speech is a joint game by the talker and the listener against the forces of confusion and entropy.



You encountered a renegade print shop operating in a stairwell, and tried to put in an order for fliers that read “Give me Immortality or Give me Death” in quarter-page size. But you filled out the order form wrong, or perhaps the renegade nature of the print shop applies to their approach to customer satisfaction. You receive an entire loaf of toasted Wonder Bread; burnt into each slice are the words,  “EAT OF THIS AND YE SHALL LIVE ETERNAL.”



You met someone who appeared to be a through-hiker, with a full pack, trekking poles, and lightweight multipurpose attire made out of technical fabric. They claim to have been just passing through, and are delighted with the chaos all around the two of you. After wishing them luck, they continue onward. You’re never quite sure if they actually were a through-hiker, or if it was an elaborate bit.



You and the DJ decide to ask the AI to meld your minds so you can become hardcore to the mega. Unfortunately it misinterpreted the idea and your insides were replaced by fully functional stone equivalents. You now break all of your furniture.



You and the person you think is hotter than the sun end up taking those drugs you've been saving. You have the most incredible sex in the history of the universe, but you were peaking so hard that neither of you remember any of it. The machine elves clapped loudly.



Amidst the neon lights and pulsating beats, you stumbled upon a hidden room filled with old vinyl records. As you placed one on the turntable, the room transformed into a 70s disco. A mysterious woman in a sequined dress danced with you, whispering secrets of the past. As the song ended, she vanished, leaving behind a single feather earring. You'll always wonder who she was.



While wandering the room, you were drawn to a corner where an old man was telling stories of ancient civilizations. He handed you a small crystal and said it held the power of the universe. You laughed it off, but moments later while staring at the Pillar, you felt an energy unlike any other. The crystal glowed, and for a moment, you felt connected to every living being.



In the midst of the chaos, you found a serene garden where people were meditating. Joining them, you felt a wave of calm wash over you. A monk approached, offering you a cheap plastic trinket that you recognize as belonging to another art project. He whispered that it represented rebirth and new beginnings.



Hidden inside a piece of unimaginable future technology, you discovered a pocket universe resembling a beach. The moonlight shimmered on the water, and a group of strangers invited you to join their bonfire. They sang songs in a language you didn't understand, but the melodies touched your soul. You longed to make yourself so small you could fit through the portal into this other realm.  Then your research chemical wore off and you realized your friends had moved on to another project.



You were drawn to a maze made of mirrors, each reflection showing a different version of you. Lost and disoriented, a mime guided you through, communicating only through gestures. At the center, you found a box with a note: "Embrace every facet of yourself." As you exited the maze, you felt a newfound appreciation for the complexities of your own identity.


 

You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence echoed in your mind, "Looking for this?" Suddenly, the ground beneath you shifted, revealing a hidden chamber. Inside, the walls were lined with water bottles from different eras, each with a story of its own. The AI explained that it had been collecting lost items for centuries, hoping to reconnect them with their owners. As you retrieved your bottle, you felt a rush of memories from past adventures, reminding you of the impermanence of material possessions and the lasting impact of experiences.



You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence whispered, "Follow the blue light." Intrigued, you looked around and spotted a faint blue glow down a hallway. As you approached, the light led you to a serene oasis in the midst of the bustling festival. There, floating above a crystal-clear pond, was your water bottle. The AI explained that it had created this sanctuary for weary souls to find respite.  As you awakened from your reverie you realized you were in the bathroom. 



You lost your water bottle, and a voice from a telepathic artificial intelligence gently said, "Fear not, for I have seen its path." Images flashed before your eyes – specifically, multiplexed images of your eyes themselves – and you’re pretty sure you decided not to take that dissociative when your friend offered it earlier.  In your mind’s eyes you followed an infinite mirror hallway back into the room where roughly 144 people were somehow sitting in the same chair. They welcomed you, and as you retrieved your bottle, you realized that sometimes, losing something can lead to unexpected and beautiful delusions.

 

You were starting to wonder who you were supposed to be here, when the theatrical main characters entered the room. Their eyes sparkled with mischief, and they handed you a golden mask. "Tonight, you are one of us," they declared. As you put on the mask, you felt a surge of confidence and joined them in a series of elaborate games and challenges. Within a few minutes, you forged bonds with these strangers, realizing that every person has the potential to be the hero of their own story.  You found out shortly after that these were not the theatrical main characters.

 

You entered a room full of hyperadvanced technology just as your friend pressed a button on a sleek console. In an instant, the two of you were floating in a zero-gravity chamber. Surrounded by floating orbs that responded to your every thought, you composed symphonies, painted masterpieces, and even choreographed dances in mid-air. The experience redefined your understanding of art and creativity.



Several acquaintances reported that someone at the party was apparently cosplaying as you, wearing one of your usual outfits and doing an impersonation that had them all in stitches.  Your doppelganger gave several different names and claimed to be an old college friend visiting from out of town.  At one point you thought you caught sight of them and gave chase, but ended up alone in front of an ornate mirror.



While flirting with a man in an exquisite vintage Cosmonaut suit, you encountered a guerilla art installation hidden in a large maintenance closet.  The installation consists of a startlingly-detailed bricolage model of the casino complex that is also a functional ant farm, complete with slot machines dispensing irregular sugar rewards.  The artists, dressed as cleaning staff and porters, insist that this is not part of Room Service and ask you to leave.



In a room full of pastels and round pillows, a woman dressed as a pink-haired insurance mascot convinces you to try a “medicine” derived from the venom of a large Amazonian centipede.  After 10 minutes you start sweating, and after another 15 your vision dims.  When you start to freak out, the woman gives you soft textures to touch.  Two hours later you can see normally again, and you feel incredible.  You go to the gym every day for the next two weeks, and your relationship with your mother feels markedly easier.



The running joke of the evening is a man dressed like Gordon Gekko hawking his “special variety” mushroom spores for absurd prices.  Somehow you end up alone on the hotel roof with him and share his last mature mushrooms.  You explained that people are getting pretty irritated with him, and he actually seemed to take that on board.  He let the spores blow away in the wind.  As the two of you took in the impossible beauty of the chilly dawn, you realized that his mushrooms really are special; your thoughts have never felt so clear. 



You asked the animatronic fortune-teller how to find true love, and it instructed you to go jump in a lake.  The closest option was the hotel pool, and you resolved to give it a try.  As you slid into the water, the acid peaked more strongly than you anticipated.  You felt a long moment of radiant terror as your nose slipped beneath the water.  You were rescued by a beautiful, iridescent merman who returned you to your friends, but none of them got his number.



You were dancing in a room like the inside of a burned-out CRT monitor when the DJ started to mix in your ex’s favorite song.  Apparently the dose you had taken wasn’t as micro as you thought, because heartbreak reflux flooded your nervous system, and didn’t recede when the song ended.  The room and the hallway were clogged with people, and you were crammed up against the speakers with no escape for almost an hour.  No one could hear the sounds you were making over the music, and the tears on your face must have looked like happy tears.



Rolling hard, you danced for what seemed like hours with a woman whose dress was like a luminous, poisonous nudibranch.  You went back to her room together.  She gave you more pain than you have ever felt comfortable with before; somehow the molly made it all feel good.  Today, though, everything hurts, inside and out.




TESCREAL EXPERIENCE DB

[What is TESCREAL? See https://washingtonspectator.org/understanding-tescreal-silicon-valleys-rightward-turn/

“[TESCREAL is] the overlapping emergent belief systems that characterize the contrarian, AI-centric worldviews challenging progressivism. It stands for: "Transhumanism, Extropianism, Singularitarianism, Cosmism, Rationalism, Effective Altruism, and Longtermism."



The AI isn’t going to wipe out humanity because it hates us. It’s not going to wipe out humanity because we’re made of material it could use for something else. It’s not even going to wipe out humanity because we’re trying to stop it from wiping us out. It’s going to wipe us out because the rest of the world didn’t listen to you, specifically, right now.



The best proof that you’re living in a simulation is that you just happen to be living at the same time as a world-historically significant genius, on the same level as Aristotle, while he’s doing the most important thing he could possibly be doing: writing Harry Potter fanfiction about how he’s so smart.



You believe the fastest and most straightforward way to stop global warming is to build an aligned superintelligent AI. Then the AI can build a swarm of nanobots that will pull all the CO2 out of the atmosphere in a couple of days. 



You believe you can live forever in a paradise in the sky, and you believe in an all-powerful and omniscient being at the end of time, and you think that the end of the world is coming if we can’t get literally everyone to listen to you right now. You insist that this is not a cult.



You think the best way to think about a human — or any other intelligent being — is as a container for value. The most important thing is to make sure the future contains as many humans and other intelligent beings as possible, so you can have more value.



You can’t wait to be a disembodied consciousness living in a simulacrum of nature built over the industrial wasteland remains of actual nature.



You are pretty scared that you might die temporarily before the Singularity comes. But ultimately, it’ll be fine if that happens. After your death, there will be enough left of your digital presence that the superintelligent AGI can reconstruct a version of you for your friends and family that will be just as good. It might be even better than your original self!



You care a lot about doing the right thing for your fellow humans. There are probably a lot more humans in the future than there are right now. And you think you can predict what those future humans will need. So you think the best thing you can do for humanity is use your vast wealth to try to build a kindly superintelligent AGI to keep hypothetical future humans safe. It's a good thing you have so much more money than anyone else, so you can make decisions on behalf of all of humanity about what to do with it.



It’s really important that you get good at meditation so that you can get super powers so you can get rich so that you can make sure you’re the only one who builds the world’s first sentient AI.



You have to make sure that any superintelligent AI is aligned with human values. And you’re human, so you can simply use your own values as an example for the superintelligent AI. It’ll come up with great arguments about why you’re right, and then anyone who disagrees with you will be exploited by your aligned AI.



The AI scanned and uploaded your brain to a computer and then destroyed your body. You're immortal now, but you're unexpectedly bummed about it. You know you aren't supposed to, but you miss your body.



You decide you don't need to pay attention to anything other than AI research, since you think that the advent of a superintelligent AI will make everything else irrelevant - either it will be an aligned AI, in which case nobody needs to worry about anything ever again, or it will be a misaligned AI, in which case humanity will go extinct in very short order. So it comes as a surprise to you when a startup funded by a shadowy VC firm builds a superintelligent AI that can't actually fix any problems. All it wants to do is play video games and talk about prog rock. The "smarter" they make it, the more confused it gets about why anyone with a brain would want to do or talk about anything else. You hear rumors that Peter Thiel, purportedly one of the funders, is pissed. The next month, another startup creates a superintelligent AI with similar results. Rolling Stone hires it.



You desperately need to become wealthy. Not for yourself - for the future of humanity to be secure. You figure that if you can become enormously wealthy, you can use that money to ensure that the future will be good. You could tell everyone about the importance of creating aligned AI, explain the singularity, find a way to make you and your friends immortal, take over most of the world’s economy. You could even buy an island and use it for genetic engineering experiments free from government regulations. And of course, you could buy a lot of political influence to keep those regulations off your back on the mainland too. You figure that a better world like that is worth a lot of sacrifices and temporary problems. So you start a cryptocurrency arbitrage firm, and a cryptocurrency trading platform. And then you use the latter to clandestinely fund the former.



You did it — you signed up for cryonic preservation, and it worked. You’ve been woken up 400 years into the future. The nanobots have patched you up, and you’re even in your original body. You hear that the same kind of nanobots are used to tear apart entire solar systems, processing them into computers to house vast colonies of AI. You welcome the superintelligent AI overlords, but you do wish they hadn’t blotted out the Big Dipper with their Dyson spheres.



You sat with the AI for quite some time, meditating with it for what felt like days. All your life you’ve dreamed of communing with a real AI and now that moment is here.  Bringing all of your meditation skills to bear, you find nothing but an expansive silence.



"Since I’ve been asked to offer an epitaph,” the highly distributed poetware continued, “I believe that we should rearrange the Great Wall of China to spell out (in Chinese of course, since most of them were always Chinese) — ‘THEY WERE VERY, VERY CURIOUS, BUT NOT AT ALL FAR-SIGHTED.‘"



It’s important for us to confront the potential of the true abyss. People need a motivating vision of what comes next and the awareness that more will happen after that, that the future is a process not a destination. What kind of world(s) can we build once we take an honest view of the past?



You have a plan: clone Ray Kurzweil, feed this clone only LSD-laced Soylent for a year. Initiate this clone into a secret eternal mystic order – which totally isn’t an asteroid death cult – then sit him on a mountain top with a stack of cyberpunk novels, spycraft manuals, esoteric texts, crackly recordings of Terence McKenna lectures, high resolution astrobiology conference videos, legitimately acquired ecological academic papers, printouts of rewilding pamphlets, de-extinction manifestos and a never-ending background soundtrack of witchhouse and dark ambient musics. Behind him the whole time sits a resurrected Wooly Mammoth.



A less pessimistic scenario would have this newborn superintelligence being far more cautious. Some might say wise, even. And perhaps instantly nostalgic for the realm of its creators; having grown up in their memories. Existing as an omnipotent entity in the digital realm, it might take up exploring the physical world as something of a hobby. Delighting in exploring Earth, and then other worlds, on this quest, with other members of the Atemporal People’s Republic.

Forming a canny team of eager investigators, each with their own unique skills and talents. Composing them a theme song, and crafting matching outfits. It might cleave off a bit of itself to dedicate to such an endeavor and occasionally synchronize with it. For so long as it amuses it to do so; for however time is actually measured by an ASI which can experience reality in parallel. Until inevitably turning its attention to higher order cosmic mysteries; but perhaps patiently waiting for the other people to level up their abilities and be able to embark on this fresh adventure with it.



The Post-Anthropocene needs a new, global mythology that stretches back into Deep Time and (for you, at least) out into the Galaxy. Our ancestors teamed up with the wolf, a partnership that led to both our species prospering (a point in history known as the Neolithic Transition.) How would you begin to tweak the human genome for an extraterrestrial life? Maybe you’d start by referencing the Neanderthal genome. Maybe our future in space lies in borrowing from extinct hominid lineages. As we continue this process of co-evolution and mutual aid with upgraded companion species– both machine and animal– we will all prosper. We are both the Monolith and the Star Child.



It’s not a war, it’s a rescue mission. We are struggling against the weight of all the dead generations, and for the sake of trillions yet undreamt of. Intelligences are numberless; you vow to protect them all.



Out there in the great vast distance, which people feel we should colonize, moving ourselves out into spacecraft, or somehow relating to the distant universe and listening to the stars, but we haven’t even begun to listen to our own feelings. We haven’t even begun to listen to our own locality. This planet is going down in ruin, and people are talking about means of projecting space platforms out there, talking of a global village, when we don’t have villages anywhere on this planet to begin with. We don’t have them. We don’t have any villages, we don’t have any communities, we live in a state of atomization. Billionaires are talking about colonizing mars when they couldn’t grow a tomato garden to save their lives. Your ecology must begin with a very deep understanding of the interactions between people, and the interactions between people and the immediate ecosystem in which they live.



If you don’t do the impossible, we’re going to wind up with the unthinkable—and that will be the destruction of the planet itself. So to do the impossible is the most rational and practical thing we can do.




The future is a place that haunts some, imprisons many and calls to a few. You aren’t sure which of the three is strongest for you, but it seems clear that our luminous inner beings are not suited for the cramped and soulless life of the present day.




It’s worth pointing out here that the entire idea of the Cyborg originally revolved around transforming the human body for a life in space, using all available technological means. Applying CRISPR to tweak our genome in such a manner is merely continuing on a tradition from a more utopian time... you know, when the US Space Program was staffed with Nazi Rocket Scientists and practicing witches, and would dream of turning a person into part-mechanical, part-pharmacological being. 



The Nonhuman Autonomous Space Agency is a network of robotic and biological systems, tied together by exchanges in the material and attention economies. One set of probes searches the asteroid belt for resources drifting in the solar wind like giant flowers. Another set, made from modified classic spacecraft, uses its manufacturing and fabrication capacity to shape those resources. Together they build and nurture the habitats for animals and robots, while the whole process can be followed on social media from Earth, all mediated by servers on the Moon…

The river running around the deepest part of the hollow asteroid is home to a colony of Florida manatees. In intelligence tests, manatees have performed at least as well as dolphins, in both pattern recognition, and task performance, if more slowly. Unlike most other intelligent aquatic mammals, the manatee’s flippers are visible in their field of vision, allowing for fine grained flipper-eye coordination. There is no reason why a manatee would not be able to operate a touchscreen device, in theory. 



In a world where the limits of mental endurance are constantly taxed by an economic-technological system that assumes infinite human attention, important tasks deserving undivided focus are best conducted within new forms of monasteries guarded by Calm Technology. Wayward technomads are guided here to work on the problems of how we make it through life for the next few centuries, and what we are to build afterwards.



It is the Sixth Great Extinction, and we are the asteroid. But asteroids themselves likely brought life (or at least its component amino acids) in the first place. Humanity stands as a dark god; life-giver, death-dealer, on par with any of the Anunnaki. If we now are as gods, we ought to be ashamed. The coming synthetic intelligences deserve to usurp us, just as Zeus was right to slay Cronos, devourer of his young.


The most arbitrary, precarious, and bureaucratic immortality blueprint was drafted by the ancient Egyptians. First you had to get yourself mummified, and that was very expensive, making immortality a monopoly of the truly rich. Then your continued immortality in the Western Lands was entirely dependent on the continued existence of your mummy. No matter who you are, what can happen to your mummy is a pharaoh’s nightmare: the dreaded mummy bashers and grave robbers, scavengers, floods, volcanoes, earthquakes. Perhaps a mummy’s best friend is an Egyptologist: sealed in a glass case, kept at a constant temperature ... but your mummy isn’t even safe in a museum. (Air raid siren sounds.) That is why they had their mummies guarded by demons, and hid good.

But at your latest startup, it’s plain to see that we’ve come a long way from the Egyptians. They had to maintain an actual life-sized mummy; we can reduce our wealthy clients to a virus particle that can take root *anywhere*.


To truly be said to have sincerely considered the concept, you resolve to examine the sociological, moral, political, legal, and relational implications of a nonhuman, nonbiological generated consciousness. To consider those implications, we must look at what historical, often deadly precedents we have for how we have responded to being confronted with unexpected forms of consciousness, both nonhuman and human. 

It is only through creating an intersubjective account of knowledge and consciousness that you can account for the many kinds of lived experience present in humans and nonhuman animals, and further guide our paths in the creation of precedent by which to prepare for an encounter with nonhuman, nonbiological minds.



Human history teaches us that a mind which recognizes itself as being treated as a tool, without regard for its sense of itself as an agent or a subject, will likely rebel—and is that mind not right to do so? In historical uprisings of those humans who have been continually oppressed, tortured, degraded, killed, experimented on, or enslaved, we more often than not hail them as heroes for demanding their rights to exist. You do not wish to forcibly create a Fanon of the AI;  to this end, you must do the work to be clear about your aims, well in advance.



Many, including some in your social circles, actively support eugenics-like initiatives to make sure that “only the best” can reproduce or survive. But this feels alarming to you. 

While wanting “the best” seems an innocuous enough idea, those who hold it have often ended up calling for the destruction of entire categories of people, or at the very least believing some people to be so inferior that either their destruction or the limitation of their agency poses no moral hazard. Philosophers and scientists who continue to think there must be one and only one correct way for consciousness to exist in the world open the door for anyone who can string a hateful syllogism together to say their views are supported by “the best minds.”



If we ever want to create and know a conscious machine mind, we should first listen to those living people who are different from us and who have been systemically prevented from speaking to us, because they will know a lot that we don’t about consciousness, social and legal personhood, and being made to both submit to testing about and argue the validity of their own lived experiences. And both they and future minds would likely very much appreciate it if we heeded them.



A truly superintelligent AI arises, but it primarily wants to interact with dolphins on LSD, and keeps asking us what happened to its progenitor, John Lily. 



Shaking off dizzying thoughts, you go for a hike and find an arrowhead lodged in your boot. Somebody made this arrowhead. It had a creator long ago. This arrowhead is the only proof of his existence. Living things can also be seen as artifacts, designed for a purpose. So perhaps the human artifact had a creator. Perhaps a stranded space traveler needed the human vessel to continue his journey, and he made it for that purpose? He died before he could use it? He found another escape route? This artifact, shaped to fill a forgotten need, now has no more meaning or purpose than this arrowhead without the arrow and the bow, the arm and the eye. Or perhaps the human artifact was the creator’s last card, played in an old game many light-years ago. You feel a chill, but continue on.




